Docs: Create new tutorial using foundry + rsk-foundry-starter-kit (#317)
rsksmart/devportal: _quick-start/step5-run-smart-contract.md

```

## Check Balance of Our EIP20 Token

> First, let us get the address of the account which was \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let's get the address of the account which was \
```

> used to deploy the the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to deploy the contract.
```

```

EIP20 is the name of our contract.
This command will print out the balance of the main account
as a **big number**, which should appear as `<BN: 2710>`.
To see it as an integer:

```javascript-repl
(await EIP20instance.balanceOf(account1)).toNumber()
```

This should appear as `10000`,
the number of the tokens was specified in the parameter to
the constructor of the smart contract, in the truffle migration.

## Transfer Token Directly Between Two Accounts

In Ganache, copy the address of the second account in the accounts tab.
We shall save it as a variable, `account2`:

```javascript-repl
account2 = web3.utils.toChecksumAddress('0x2e898C937f22f84a2603fb0BfDeEF43CdAC87f93')

(await EIP20instance.balanceOf(account1)).toNumber()

(await EIP20instance.balanceOf(account2)).toNumber()
```

This should print out `10000` and `0` respectively -
all the tokens belong to the first account,
and the second account has none.

Next, use the following command to transfer some tokens from
the first account to the second account.

```javascript-repl
await EIP20instance.transfer(account2, 10)
```

This should print out an object containing transaction data.

> Finally, let us check the account balances to ensure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, let's check the account balances to ensure
```
